Created and updated docs for 1.19-20 (#1055)
aws/eks-distro: docs/contents/releases/1-19/20/release-announcement.txt

> Amazon EKS Distro v1.19-20 is now available. (IMPORTANT: support for 1.19 will be ending soon. Please update to a supported version asap) This release includes an update to Amazon Linux 2 that contains the latest security fixes and updates to some project versions and project dependencies. Amazon EKS Distro v1.19-20 builds are available through ECR Public Gallery (https://gallery.ecr.aws/eks-distro) and GitHub (https://github.com/aws/eks-distro)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Amazon EKS Distro v1.19-20 is now available. (IMPORTANT: support for 1.19 will be ending soon. Please update to a supported version as soon as possible) This release includes an update to Amazon Linux 2 that contains the latest security fixes and updates to some project versions and project dependencies. Amazon EKS Distro v1.19-20 builds are available through ECR Public Gallery (https://gallery.ecr.aws/eks-distro) and GitHub (https://github.com/aws/eks-distro)
```

> Amazon EKS Distro v1.19-20 is now available. (IMPORTANT: support for 1.19 will be ending soon. Please update to a supported version asap) This release includes an update to Amazon Linux 2 that contains the latest security fixes, and updates to some project versions and project dependencies. Amazon EKS Distro v1.19-20 builds are available through ECR Public Gallery (https://gallery.ecr.aws/eks-distro) and GitHub (https://github.com/aws/eks-distro)

Author: ```suggestion
Amazon EKS Distro v1.19-20 is now available. (IMPORTANT: support for 1.19 will be ending soon. Please update to a supported version asap) This release includes an update to Amazon Linux 2 that contains the latest security fixes and updates to some project versions and project dependencies. Amazon EKS Distro v1.19-20 builds are available through ECR Public Gallery (https://gallery.ecr.aws/eks-distro) and GitHub (https://github.com/aws/eks-distro)
```
